the TNs:88
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos clone
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum similarity
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile getBuffer
org.dacapo.harness.DacapoClassLoader loadClass
org.dacapo.lusearch.Search$QueryProcessor run
org.apache.lucene.search.FuzzyTermEnum similarity
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader close
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader getNorms
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.dacapo.lusearch.Search main
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm decRef
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile addBuffer
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader openInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader norms
org.dacapo.harness.BenchmarkNoRefl initialize
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory openInput
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiSegmentReader doClose
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader document
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader norms
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader ensureIndexIsRead
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader isDeleted
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader close
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory close
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader hasNorms
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader close
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory$FSIndexInput readInternal
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory close
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread setRunningMerge
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory close
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread run
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm close
org.dacapo.harness.BenchmarkNoRefl initialize
org.dacapo.harness.DacapoClassLoader loadClass
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread run
org.apache.lucene.index.TermInfosReader ensureIndexIsRead
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader close
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader getNorms
org.apache.lucene.util.CloseableThreadLocal set
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile setLength
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile numBuffers
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread getRunningMerge
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread getRunningMerge
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory deleteFile
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory getDirectory
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile setLastModified
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader norms
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread run
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader openInput
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile setLastModified
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile addBuffer
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile addBuffer
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory list
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiSegmentReader norms
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader decRef
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader openInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader norms
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.apache.lucene.index.CompoundFileReader openInput
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm close
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader$Norm decRef
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile getBuffer
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory getLockID
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader isDeleted
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader decRef
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader getNorms
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader commit
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory list
org.apache.lucene.index.FieldInfos clone
org.apache.lucene.store.FSDirectory getDirectory
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader decRef
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader commit
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory fileExists
org.apache.lucene.index.IndexReader decRef
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory deleteFile
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory createOutput
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile numBuffers
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiSegmentReader doClose
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.apache.lucene.store.RAMFile setLength
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader document
org.apache.lucene.index.MultiSegmentReader norms
org.apache.lucene.index.ConcurrentMergeScheduler$MergeThread setRunningMerge
org.apache.lucene.document.DateTools timeToString
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader hasNorms
org.apache.lucene.index.SegmentReader norms